We launched the Wikidata repository—that is the wiki you are currently looking at. Wikidata has collected the language links for Wikipedia articles. That is, you can go to a random page on Wikidata and check it out, and what you will find is a page that lists the language links for a specific topic, i.e. it lists all the articles on the different language editions of Wikipedia that are about the same topic.
Furthermore, you can add a short label, description and some aliases to the given item in the language of your interface. You can switch your interface language choosing the Universal Language Selector on the top of every Wikidata page. The addition of labels and descriptions is an ongoing process and will keep on for many months.
All the Wikipedias can use the language links from Wikidata. The other functionality will be added piece by piece in the following weeks and months.
Since April 24, 2013 all Wikipedias have the ability to include data from Wikidata in articles. For the moment, seven datatypes (Item, Commons media file, String, Time, Geographic coordinates, Number and URL) can be used for properties. Other data types will come in the course of time. Users can link items to other items by using properties, can add sources and qualifiers to properties. Users can link items of people to their place of birth, to their occupation or to its number of an authority control database, link a politician to his or her political party. Users can give mountain peaks, places or buldings geocoordinates, link an item about a township to its next higher administrative unit, link a country to its highest representative, to its national anthem and so on. All this informations can be used in any language to display it in infoboxes in their own language even if all the information is taken from a different language.

History is the discovery, collection, organization, analysis and presentation of information about past events. History can also mean a continuous, typically chronological, record of important or public events or of a particular trend or institution. Scholars who write about history are called historians. It is a field of knowledge which uses a narrative to examine and analyse the sequence of events, and it sometimes attempts to investigate objectively the patterns of cause and effect that determine events. Historians debate the nature of history and its usefulness. This includes discussing the study of the discipline as an end in itself and as a way of providing "perspective" on the problems of the present. The stories common to a particular culture, but not supported by external sources (such as the legends surrounding King Arthur) are usually classified as cultural heritage rather than the "disinterested investigation" needed by the discipline of history. Events of the past prior to written record are considered prehistory.

Amongst scholars, the fifth century BC Greek historian Herodotus is considered to be the "father of history", and, along with his contemporary Thucydides, forms the foundations for the modern study of history. Their influence, along with other historical traditions in other parts of their world, have spawned many different interpretations of the nature of history which has evolved over the centuries and are continuing to change. The modern study of history has many different fields including those that focus on certain regions and those which focus on certain topical or thematic elements of historical investigation. Often history is taught as part of primary and secondary education, and the academic study of history is a major discipline in university studies.